hello and welcome to Villa VA I'm Paul
Bradley and I'm joined now by Aston
Villa correspondent Matt Kendrick I met
all well come onto villas victory over
Fulham and at the weekend in a minute
but first of all let's talk new signings
and Aston Villa have got a South
Australian I have indeed yes just when
you think the January kind of transfer
window madness that surrounds footballer
is coming gone we get the lasagna Bosman
free sign that called Brett Holman who's
an Australian international I think he
can play he's been some reports I've got
he's being tagged as a winger in various
places but I think he's more inclined
suppliers have got a second striker in
the hole but yeah he's come from AZ
Alkmaar who are the Dutch league leaders
at the moment and he's got rave reports
they're really he's been irregularly in
their side in Cuba Australian football
of the year quite recently scored a
couple of goals at the World Cup in 2010
and that the key thing for me obviously
would have to reserve judgment till
we've seen him sitting wearing claret
and blue book pleasing for me
he's a decent age think he's 27 and he's
got a point to prove in the Premier
League and I think think that's exactly
what Villa need to do we all know the
the budgetary restraints that I've got
and while they're trying to overcome
these these record losses so I think
it's important to get players who don't
cost the earth but to get pliers or
hungry to try and achieve things of the
club how do you think that's kind of
might be passed on further down the line
to other players of the squad that put a
bit of pressure on them to start
performing as well and a bit more
competition in the squad I think so in
obviously this lad con can't arise until
until the summer he's be very much for
next season he signed a four-year
contract sir you very much part of the
the stable future for Villa but yeah
well I don't think that he it will hurt
obviously these players attacking
players currently the club through whom
I think well I got a minute I don't want
to take you my place and but the likes
of Steven I'll do surprising that in
that second striker role at the moment
and even people like Charles in Zambia
and Marc Albrighton whose place he might
join so I don't think he can only have a
bad effect and then it's it's as I just
think he adds to corner of a little bit
of not not necessarily feel-good factors
I think we still need a little bit more
all that happens but I stood after
winning a game on Saturday and then then
striking very early in the transfer
market and saying getting the plans up
and running for next season I think he
just Lauren's a motor villa talking of a
feel-good factor where bad dress wimon
score that goal there's only one summer
some feel-good factor at Villa Park from
pretty much everyone in the ground yeah
a little full of fans yes it was it was
just think I've wrote I've innocently
materials Birmingham my how that he was
like Scott a bubble of tension and been
burst it obviously the the storm clouds
it gathered over four months and seven
games without a victory at Villa Park I
think a lot of the fans has forgotten
what it felt like to leave the ground
celebrating a win it might have happened
at the very virtually the very last kick
of the game but I think there's no
denying that that villa done enough over
the course of the ninety minutes to
deserve the win
mostly with a another home game coming
up soon
each hopefully culturally Billiken has
have a kind of and encouraging
finale to the season rather than
worrying about looking over their
shoulders that Baltic game could be
fairly crucial for that as well three
points are bowls and things might be a
little bit easier for for the squad of
the manager for them for the rest of the
season you think yeah I think so I mean
what they know thirty three points and I
think when other three would get into 36
and 40 points tends to be the kind of
traditional kind of cutoff line doesn't
it but I think I think 36 points might
be enough to see them safe side pieces I
think the fact that I think Villarreal
and narrative to the top seven now than
they are to the relegation zone so that
that gives them another ring to look up
but again it's one victory and they'll I
haven't had enough of those lately
but hopefully the pressure easing win
over Fulham will will up kind of will
have restored the confidence and meaning
that they can making them be just
struggling Bolton so different to the
home fans again a week on Tuesday
so next Tuesday shine ok Matt well okay
thanks for thoughts on that and and the
game and fevers also Villa recently and
thank you for listening we'll be back in
next week with more from Villa B
you